So last lecture we understood the DIAK component seems to be important but the mystery is how does it
get loaded Remember to that whole unity made up tears fall as the first fall we load the first code
which gets executed at the end.
Of course not this exact code but the compiled javascript question.
And keep in mind typescript and always is compiled javascript code so it is compiled to code the browser
understands.
Now here we have a couple of imports.
One check here to and able some special settings.
If we're running some production but this year is the important line bootstrap module now bootstrap
seems to indicate that we start something we bootstrap something and we do we start our Engler app and
we do that by loading a module.
Modules are another important part of Angler apps components are the pieces you build your app with.
Modules are basically bundles of these pieces bundles of components.
For example you may have multiple modules but in many apps you also may have only one module.
Well this module will load here the app module which is if you have a look at the import imported from
this file here.
So let's have a look at the AB module TS file then.
And here we see another class with no content in it at all but a number of these at things.
Now at something is called a decorator and it's a typescript feature.
It's not supported by native Chavez.
But again it's compiled with some tricks to code which is understood by the browser in the end.
However in typescript we can use this nicer syntax of attaching some extra information to something.
In this case to a class.
So this extra information in angular case here is understood by angular and transforms this class from
a normal class or whatever it gets compiled to to a class.
Plus plus you could say to a module heater what we do is store information which components does this
module use data stored in the declarations array amongst other things but mostly components and then
which component is responsible for loading Zepps So what is our root component here in the bootstrap
array.
Now as you can see in both arrays we referenced the only component we have the app component.
And what this tells angler's hey we have one component tiap component and we need to tell it this because
it doesn't scan all your files and automatically add all the components you might add here.
So that's good that it doesn't do that would be very unperformed And so we have one component and we
also tell it well at the point of time you start the app.
There has to be something you display at the beginning some root element which holds all our components
you might eventually have.
And we defined it this should be the app component.
So with that information angle anger knows what to load first.
Of course it also needs to know where to load this.
Let's ignore the imports every year for now.
I will come back to that app Monty Hall.
Let's understand where angler finds information where it should load that component the answer probably
can be found Indico Poland because here we got no extra information on that.
If we switch back to the app component or typescript file we see that we have a decorator here too and
we set up two things.
Template your L and style or else which I guess are kind of straightforward to understand we connect
types of file to some other files one for the template of this component.
So the HDMI code of that component you could say and dishtowels you want to add to this component but
we got a Furt property in the object repasts to the decorator.
This select or it's app root and this selector here actually works like a C S S selector.
So in this case we're selecting an element app route we could change it to dot app root to select any
element with osseous as class of AB root.
But typically for your components Eustice take like select or so now we tail and ular at this component
in a file where you can find a root element.
Now since we defined to does our bootstrap component the file angler will look for this tag actually
as our index aged him a file and that is how the circle closes.
Here we see AB rude.
So here is where Engler will mount our component and will render the HMO content as a side note.
All other components you might create and we will create some will not be added here in the next HMO
file but you would start adding them here and the app component H.T. will fall because that is your
root component.
So everything as new application goes into this file or files nested into this file then in the end
data is how the app starts.
Now I'd say we talked a lot about this.
Let's briefly have a natural look at the app model to understand the our parts here and then let's start
editing the app.